#Hello World!
_____

<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
Hi, and welcome to my official blog! I'm Joseph Moore, an author and orator, fascinated with topics such as success, failure, motivation, effort, and much more! My inclination in these topics has inspired the culmination of my book, *Vision. Motivation. Action*. This book narrates my financially successful legacy and how I transpired from the middle class, then eventually (Though hard work and a tad of luck) became a writer like I am today. Due to the success of this book, which you can buy [here](/buy-book), I am fixed to go on a book tour around America to share my *vision*, *motivation*, and *actions* with people just like you, as well as conducting book signings. I would absolutely love to see you there, so if you haven't already, [check](/event-schedule) to see if I will be in your town, and if so, [book your tickets](/booking) soon! Hope to see you there!
=======
Hi, and welcome to my official blog! I'm Joseph Moore, an author and orator, fascinated with topics such as success, failure, motivation, effort, and much more! My inclination in these topics has inspired the culmination of my book, *Vision. Motivation. Action*. This book narrates my journey to financial success and what events transpired in between, uplifting me from the middle class, then eventually how I became a writer like I am today. Due to the success of this book, which you can buy [here](/buy-book), I am fixed to go on a book tour around America to share my *vision*, *motivation*, and *actions* with people just like you, as well as conducting book signings. I would absolutely love to see you there, so if you haven't already, [check](/event-schedule) if I will be in your town, and if so, [book your tickets](/booking) soon! Hope to see you there!
>>>>>>> 1f2edb6f8cb853b3b3e57cf68a928a9f6f052b62
